<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="_2_Description"><title>Description</title><body><p>The P25Q80L is a serial interface Flash memory device designed for use in a wide variety of high-volume consumer based applications in which program code is shadowed from Flash memory into embedded or external RAM for execution. The flexible erase architecture of the device, with its page erase granularity it is ideal for data storage as well, eliminating the need for additional data storage devices.</p><p>The erase block sizes of the device have been optimized to meet the needs of today's code and data storage applications. By optimizing the size of the erase blocks, the memory space can be used much more efficiently. Because certain code modules and data storage segments must reside by themselves in their own erase regions, the wasted and unused memory space that occurs with large sectored and large block erase Flash memory devices can be greatly reduced. This increased memory space efficiency allows additional code routines and data storage segments to be added while still maintaining the same overall device density.</p><p>The device also contains an additional 3*512-byte security registers with OTP lock (One-Time Programmable)<tt>, </tt>can be used for purposes such as unique device serialization, system-level Electronic Serial Number (ESN) storage, locked key storage, etc.</p><p>Specifically designed for use in many different systems, the device supports read, program, and erase operations with a wide supply voltage range of 1.65V to 2.0V. No separate voltage is required for programming and erasing.</p></body></topic>