<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="_6_Data_Protection"><title>Data Protection</title><body><p>During power transition, there may be some false system level signals which result in inadvertent erasure or programming. The device is designed to protect itself from these accidental write cycles.</p><p>The state machine will be reset as standby mode automatically during power up. In addition, the control register architecture of the device constrains that the memory contents can only be changed after specific command sequences have completed successfully.</p><p>In the following, there are several features to protect the system from the accidental write cycles during VCC power-up and power-down or from system noise.</p><ul><li>Power-on reset: to avoid sudden power switch by system power supply transition, the power-on reset may protect the Flash.</li><li>Valid command length checking: The command length will be checked whether it is at byte base and completed on byte boundary.</li><li>Write Enable (WREN) command: WREN command is required to set the Write Enable Latch bit (WEL) before issuing other commands to change data.</li><li>Software Protection Mode: The Block Protect (BP4, BP3, BP2, BP1, and BP0) bits define the section of the memory array that can be read but not change.<ul><li>Hardware Protection Mode: WP# going low to protected the BP0~BP4bits and SRP0~1bits</li></ul></li><li>Deep Power-Down Mode: By entering deep power down mode, the flash device is under protected from writing all commands except the Release form Deep Power-Down Mode command.</li></ul></body></topic>