<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="_8_Device_Operation"><title>Device Operation</title><body><p>Before a command is issued, status register should be checked to ensure device is ready for the intended operation.</p><p>When incorrect command is inputted to this LSI, this LSI becomes standby mode and keeps the standby mode until next CS# falling edge. In standby mode, SO pin of this LSI should be High-Z. When correct command is inputted to this LSI, this LSI becomes active mode and keeps the active mode until next CS# rising edge.</p><p>Input data is latched on the rising edge of Serial Clock (SCLK) and data shifts out on the falling edge of SCLK. The difference of serial peripheral interface mode 0 and mode 3 is shown as Figure 8-1.</p><p>For the following instructions: RDID, RDSR, RDSR1, RDSCUR, READ, FAST_READ, DREAD, 2READ, 4READ, QREAD, RDSFDP, RES, REMS, DREMS, QREMS, the shifted-in instruction sequence is followed by a data-out sequence. After any bit of data being shifted out, the CS# can be high. For the following instructions: WREN, WRDI, WRSR, PE, SE, BE32K, BE, CE, PP, DPP, QPP, DP, ERSCUR, PRSCUR,</p><p>SUSPEND, RESUME, RSTEN, RST, the CS# must go high exactly at the byte boundary; otherwise, the instruction will be rejected and not executed.</p><p>During the progress of Write Status Register, Program, Erase operation, to access the memory array is neglected and not affect the current operation of Write Status Register, Program, Erase.</p><p><b>Figure 8-1 Serial Peripheral Interface Modes Supported</b></p></body></topic>