<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="_9_Hold_Feature"><title>Hold Feature</title><body><p>HOLD# pin signal goes low to hold any serial communications with the device. The HOLD feature will not stop the operation of write status register, programming, or erasing in progress.</p><p>The operation of HOLD requires Chip Select(CS#)   keeping   low and   starts   on   falling   edge   of HOLD# pin signal while Serial Clock (SCLK) signal is being low (if Serial Clock signal is not being low, HOLD operation will not start until Serial Clock signal being low).	The HOLD condition ends on the rising edge of HOLD# pin signal while Serial Clock(SCLK) signal is being low( if Serial Clock signal is not being low, HOLD operation will not end until Serial Clock being low).</p><p><b>Figure 9-1 Hold Condition Operation</b></p><p>During the HOLD operation, the Serial Data Output (SO) is high impedance when Hold# pin goes low and will keep high impedance until Hold# pin goes high. The Serial Data Input (SI) is don't care if both Serial Clock (SCLK) and Hold# pin goes low and will keep the state until SCLK goes low and Hold# pin goes high. If Chip Select (CS#) drives high during HOLD operation, it will reset the internal logic of the device. To re-start communication with chip, the HOLD# must be at high and CS# must be at low.</p><p><b>Note: </b>The HOLD feature is disabled during Quad I/O mode.</p></body></topic>