<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="d0e4767"><title>Note:</title><body><p>CPOL indicates clock polarity of serial master, CPOL=1 for SCLK high while idle, CPOL=0 for SCLK low while not transmitting. CPHA indicates clock phase. The combination of CPOL bit and CPHA bit decides which serial mode is supported.</p><p>Standard SPI</p><p>The P25Q80L features a serial peripheral interface on 4 signals bus: Serial Clock (SCLK), Chip Select (CS#), Serial Data Input (SI) and Serial Data Output (SO). Both SPI bus mode 0 and 3 are supported. Input data is latched on the rising edge of SCLK and data shifts out on the falling edge of SCLK.</p><p>Dual SPI</p><p>The P25Q80L supports Dual SPI operation when using the “Dual Output Fast Read” and “Dual I/O Fast Read”(3BHand BBH) commands. These commands allow data to be transferred to or from the device at two times the rate of the standard SPI. When using the Dual SPI command the SI and SO pins become bidirectional I/O pins: IO0 and IO1.</p><p>Quad SPI</p><p>The P25Q80L supports Quad SPI operation when using the “Quad Output Fast Read”,” Quad I/O Fast Read”(6BH,EBH) commands. These commands allow data to be transferred to or from the device at four times the rate of the standard SPI. When using the Quad SPI command the SI and SO pins become bidirectional I/O pins: IO0 and IO1, and WP# and HOLD# pins become IO2 andIO3. Quad SPI commands require the</p><p>non-volatile Quad Enable bit(QE) in Status Register to be set.</p></body></topic>