<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="d0e9767"><title>Readable Area of Memory While a Program or Erase Operation is Suspended</title><body><table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="34*"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="66*"/><tbody valign="top"><row><entry align="center"><p><b>Suspended Operation</b></p></entry><entry><p><b>Readable Region of Memory Array</b></p></entry></row><row><entry align="center"><p>Page Program</p></entry><entry><p>All but the Page being programmed</p></entry></row><row><entry align="center"><p>Page Erase</p></entry><entry><p>All but the Page being erased</p></entry></row><row><entry align="center"><p>Sector Erase(4KB)</p></entry><entry><p>All but the 4KB Sector being erased</p></entry></row><row><entry align="center"><p>Block Erase(32KB)</p></entry><entry><p>All but the 32KB Block being erased</p></entry></row><row><entry align="center"><p>Block Erase(64KB)</p></entry><entry><p>All but the 64KB Block being erased</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><p>When the Serial NOR Flash receives the Suspend instruction, there is a latency of tPSL or tESL before the Write Enable Latch (WEL) bit clears to “0” and the SUS2 or SUS1 sets to “1”, after which the device is ready to accept one of the commands listed in "Table Acceptable Commands During Program/Erase Suspend after tPSL/tESL" (e.g. FAST READ). Refer to " AC Characteristics" for tPSL and tESL timings. "Table Acceptable Commands During Suspend (tPSL/tESL not required)" lists the commands for which the tPSL and tESL latencies do not apply. For example, RDSR, RDSCUR, RSTEN, and RST can be issued at any time after the Suspend instruction.</p><p>Status Register bit 15 (SUS2) and bit 10 (SUS1) can be read to check the suspend status. The SUS2 (Program Suspend Bit) sets to “1” when a program operation is suspended. The SUS1 (Erase Suspend Bit) sets to “1” when an erase operation is suspended. The SUS2 or SUS1 clears to “0” when the program or erase operation is resumed.</p></body></topic>